# Gabbai_CAD
A collection of CAD files useful for running an orthodox shul minyan.

## About
I was gabbai of the Orthodox Community of the University of Pennsylvania (OCP) from 2023-2025. I found many miscellaneous shul paraphanilia that were worn out, broken, or strait up missing. At the same time, I took a course called Introduction of Mechanical Engineering (MEAM 1010 המבין יבין). This class went over the basics of Computer Automated Design (CAD) and taught me how to create my own proffesional looking replacements for whatever was missing from our minyan using laser cutters and 3d printers. I am putting this up publicly so any other gabbaim in similar situations can use my projects to elevate their own minyanim. 

## Contents
These are all the CAD files I created for the OCP minyan. Each item is given its own folder with all the related files and a readme explaining its purpose and how to reproduce it for yourself. The files generally fall into one of the following types:

- **.SLDPRT** CAD models designed in Solidworks. They contain detailed descriptions of the designed and can be edited however you want. These files are intended to be opened and edited in Solidworks which requires a paid subscription, but it may be possible to open them in other CAD software. If you would like me to convert them into another file type and add it to the repo, please let me know. 
- **.SLDASM** Assemblies created from multiple .SLDPRT files put together.
- **.STL** 3d model files that can be directly 3d printed by your choice of slicer software. They were generated from the Solidworks model.
- **.DWG** 2d files used for laser cutting. They were also generated by solidworks. This is what the Penn laser cutters used, I do not know if other laser cutters or CNC machines can read them. Some of these are colored and some are left unproccessed. The colored ones use the key:
  - Yellow: Raster etch (shade the area)
  - Red: Vector cut (cut all the way through)
  - Green: Vector etch (I don't think I used this ever)
  - Other: ignore
    
  You should use common sense and your own knowledge to figure out what is best for your purposes. Also, Solidworks sometimes adds a line saying "not for commercial use" that can add several minutes to a cut if you do not tell the cutter to ignore it.

Please feel free to use any files here for your own shuls and minyanim, and don't hesitate to reach out about any questions or requests relating to the files. 
